tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/TextureMediaPlayer.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.TextureMediaPlayer
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IjkLibLoader.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkLibLoader
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/AndroidMediaFormat.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.AndroidMediaFormat
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IjkMediaMeta.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaMeta
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaMeta$IjkStreamMeta
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/IVideoController.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.IVideoController
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/render/TextureRenderView.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.render.TextureRenderView
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/render/IRenderView.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.render.IRenderView
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/PlayerFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.PlayerFactory
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/ffmpeg/FFmpegApi.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.ffmpeg.FFmpegApi
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/ijk/IjkPlayerFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.ijk.IjkPlayerFactory
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/util/L.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.util.L
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/pragma/Pragma.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.pragma.Pragma
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/AudioFocusHelper.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AudioFocusHelper
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AudioFocusHelper$1
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/IMediaDataSource.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IMediaDataSource
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/MediaPlayerProxy.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$1
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$2
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$3
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$4
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$5
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$6
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$7
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaPlayerProxy$8
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/GestureVideoController.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.GestureVideoController
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/MediaPlayerControl.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.MediaPlayerControl
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/render/TextureRenderViewFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.render.TextureRenderViewFactory
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IjkTimedText.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkTimedText
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IjkMediaPlayer.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$1
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$DefaultMediaCodecSelector
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$EventHandler
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$OnControlMessageListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$OnMediaCodecSelectListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaPlayer$OnNativeInvokeListener
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/AndroidMediaPlayer.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.AndroidMediaPlayer
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.AndroidMediaPlayer$AndroidMediaPlayerListenerHolder
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.AndroidMediaPlayer$MediaDataSourceProxy
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player_armv7a/Pragma.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player_armv7a.Pragma
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/ISurfaceTextureHolder.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.ISurfaceTextureHolder
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/AbstractPlayer.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AbstractPlayer
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AbstractPlayer$PlayerEventListener
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/VideoViewManager.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoViewManager
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/IjkTrackInfo.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkTrackInfo
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/exceptions/IjkMediaException.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.exceptions.IjkMediaException
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/AndroidTrackInfo.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.AndroidTrackInfo
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/AndroidMediaPlayerFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AndroidMediaPlayerFactory
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/ITrackInfo.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.ITrackInfo
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/VideoView.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoView
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoView$OnStateChangeListener
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoView$SimpleOnStateChangeListener
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/ProgressManager.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.ProgressManager
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/VideoViewConfig.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoViewConfig
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoViewConfig$1
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.VideoViewConfig$Builder
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IjkMediaCodecInfo.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IjkMediaCodecInfo
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/util/CutoutUtil.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.util.CutoutUtil
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/OrientationHelper.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.OrientationHelper
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.OrientationHelper$OnOrientationChangeListener
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/IGestureComponent.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.IGestureComponent
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/exo/ExoMediaPlayerFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.exo.ExoMediaPlayerFactory
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/annotations/AccessedByNative.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.annotations.AccessedByNative
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/IMediaFormat.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IMediaFormat
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/pragma/DebugLog.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.pragma.DebugLog
com/github/tvbox/osc/player/BuildConfig.java
 com.github.tvbox.osc.player.BuildConfig
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/exo/ExoMediaSourceHelper.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.exo.ExoMediaSourceHelper
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/util/PlayerUtils.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.util.PlayerUtils
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/ISurfaceTextureHost.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.ISurfaceTextureHost
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/AbstractMediaPlayer.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.AbstractMediaPlayer
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/IAndroidIO.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IAndroidIO
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/IControlComponent.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.IControlComponent
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/exo/ExoMediaPlayer.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.exo.ExoMediaPlayer
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/player/AndroidMediaPlayer.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AndroidMediaPlayer
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.player.AndroidMediaPlayer$1
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/MediaInfo.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.MediaInfo
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/render/RenderViewFactory.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.render.RenderViewFactory
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/IMediaPlayer.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnBufferingUpdateListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnCompletionListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnErrorListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnInfoListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnPreparedListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnSeekCompleteListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnTimedTextListener
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.IMediaPlayer$OnVideoSizeChangedListener
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/demo/IjkDemoActivity.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.demo.IjkDemoActivity
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.demo.IjkDemoActivity$1
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.demo.IjkDemoActivity$2
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.demo.IjkDemoActivity$3
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/ControlWrapper.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.ControlWrapper
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/annotations/CalledByNative.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.annotations.CalledByNative
tv/danmaku/ijk/media/player/misc/IjkMediaFormat.java
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$1
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$2
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$3
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$4
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$5
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$6
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$7
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$8
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$9
 tv.danmaku.ijk.media.player.misc.IjkMediaFormat$Formatter
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/controller/BaseVideoController.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.BaseVideoController
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.BaseVideoController$1
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.BaseVideoController$2
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.controller.BaseVideoController$3
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/ijk/IjkPlayer.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.ijk.IjkPlayer
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.ijk.IjkPlayer$1
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/ijk/RawDataSourceProvider.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.ijk.RawDataSourceProvider
xyz/doikki/videoplayer/render/MeasureHelper.java
 xyz.doikki.videoplayer.render.MeasureHelper
